[Docs] Migrate docs framework to Docusaurus (#282)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/91-migrations.md

# Migrations

Some versions need some changes to the server configuration or the pipeline configuration files.

## 0.15.0

- Default pipeline path changed to `.woodpecker/`

>   **Solution:** Rename your `.drone.yml` to `.woodpecker/<some name of your choice>.yml` or enable the fallback flag in [project settings](/docs/usage/project-settings#pipeline-path).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Solution:** Rename your `.drone.yml` to `.woodpecker.yml` or enable the fallback flag in [project settings](/docs/usage/project-settings#pipeline-path).
  
  There is still a default fallback mechanism in following order: `.woodpecker/*.yml` -> `.drone.yml` -> `.drone/*.yml`
```

Reviewer: @anbraten do you have better wording for this?
